Reorganize contributor license docs (#74)
cyberark/community: CONTRIBUTING.md

    This is important to avoid the overlapping of work!

1. If the issue is already in progress, feel free to ask questions or engage in conversation about
    the implementation. Otherwise, review the repository license requirements
    before starting work and continue on to [working on issues](#working-on-issues).

### Reviewing license requirements

To contribute to any CyberArk open source project, you must make sure you've met
our contributor license requirements.

To find out what the project you're interested in requires, refer to the
`CONTRIBUTING.md` file in the repository.

#### When the Repo Includes the CLA

> If the `CONTRIBUTING.md` document says you need to sign the CLA, for example:

Reviewer: I think the wording here is too narrowly scoped. What if the repo doesn't "say that you need to sign a CLA" but says something like "CLA is required"?

Author: do you have a suggestion for how to fix it? I don't say the language on the CONTRIBUTING is _exactly_ "you need to sign", and I assume people can translate a CONTRIB that says "you are required to" to the "you need to" language here - but maybe I'm misunderstanding? 😬

Reviewer: from a legal perspective, it may open things up to intentional unwanted avoidance of the CLA. Maybe we should say something like:
```
If the `CONTRIBUTING.md` document indicates that you need to sign the CLA, for example:
```

> "Thanks for your interest in Conjur. Before contributing, please take a moment to read and sign
> our Contributor Agreement. This provides patent protection for all Conjur users and allows
> CyberArk to enforce its license terms. Please email a signed copy to oss@cyberark.com."

> Then you **must** submit a signed copy of the CLA to oss@cyberark.com in order

Reviewer: oss@cyberark.com can be an email link

for your contribution to be merged.

A copy of the CLA can be found [here](/documents/CyberArk_Open_Source_Contributor_Agreement.pdf).

#### When the Repo Does Not Include the CLA

If the repo does not ask you to sign the CLA, then you may do one of the following:

-  Follow the above instructions for [signing the CLA](#when-the-repo-includes-the-cla).

**OR**

-  Sign your commits using the `--signoff` flag in the `git` CLI (more info
   [here](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt--s)) to certify that you
   have the rights to submit the work under the same license as the project and you agree to a
   Developer Certificate of Origin (see http://developercertificate.org/ for more information).

##### Signing Off a Commit

When signing, every commit must be signed, and your PR will not be approved until this is the case.

To sign-off, use:

>     git commit --signoff

Reviewer: We should use the escape ticks instead of indents for code snippets. Same comment for code right below.

or

    git commit -s

Alternatively, if you have already made the commit, you may use:

    git commit --amend --signoff
or

    git commit --amend -s

> After amending a commit, you will need to force-push (`push -f`) to your branch for this to take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After amending a commit, you will need to force-push (`git push -f <branch_name>`) to your branch for this to take
```

effect.

> Note: Only repositories licensed under MIT, BSD, or Apache 2.0 are eligible to use the DCO instead

> of the CLA for community contributions!!** If the repo does not meet this criteria, you **must**

Reviewer: I think this `Note:` doesn't have a matching number of `**`s

sign the CLA.

##### Verifying That You Have Signed a Commit

To determine if you **have** signed a commit, look at the commit history in the branch to ensure
each commit includes a line like:

>     Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

Reviewer: `Random` in some contexts can be construed as derogatory
```suggestion
    Signed-off-by: Jane A Doe <jane@developer.example.org>
```

1. Run tests as described in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` or as outlined in the test stage(s) in the
   `Jenkinsfile`, ensuring they pass.

1. [Commit your changes](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-files-in-a-repository/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line), making sure to

>    [sign off on your commits](#signing-off-a-commit).

Reviewer: It's not part of this code but on L163 it says `Navigate to Githhub`
